# Pocket-Therapist

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started
Below is the desired set up process to build and run this project locally.

1. Install Android Studio
2. Through Android Studio, install Flutter support (plugin)
3. Install the required build tools, emulator tools, and SDK 31 (Android 13)
4. Accept License Agreements for the Android SDK;s
5. Configure Emulator for a device (Pixel 4+) [Older devices will work, but may be slower than desired]
6. Clone the repo with `git clone https://github.com/S1robe/Pocket-Therapist`
7. Navigate to the Pocket-Therapist/app directory
8. Run the following commands: `flutter pub get`

After these steps the app is now ready to be built and ran

Run: `flutter run`

If you get an error about running `flutter create .`, this generates the required build files for your platform, and might be necessary.

Build: `flutter build --release`


# Directories
Each directory has a meaning in dart/flutter, below is each meaning for this repo

### app/coverage
This is the coverage files for the current build of the application, it is in .lcov format and can be read or generated by genhtml and lcov for and html experience

### app/integration_test
This the integration tests folder, these run natively or on an emulator to capture special coverage of the constructors that regular unit tests cannot

### app/lib
This is the libraries folder, but this is really the dart source folder. This is where all of the source code lives.

- #### app/lib/helper
- This is where helper functions and utils are stored.

- #### app/lib/pages
- This is where all pages for the application are stored.

- #### app/lib/provider
- This is where all the 'providers' are, think of a provider as a service or static class. This is where settings, encryption, or database live.

- #### app/lib/uiwidgets
- This is where all the special UI widgets live. All of them are custom and modular.

### app/test
- This is where the unit tests exist.
